this is commander town recording for
hitting us go over the place
buy some rice or severely outnumbered
right away god damn it makes no sense
hot spots everywhere why Southwest
sector nine someone's having a secure
channel so you'll come to the Sunshine
State in the media what the hell is this
is not possible until the mainstream
why not believe would be a sad error in
judgment general Solomon to mistake me
for a course my judgment is sound came
and I'm not afraid of ghosts or you
perhaps you should be I've seen the
future our tiberian and as you watch
this battle just beginning to unfold
I've already seen the final act it is my
destiny to lead the way for old man
command- forgotten you Cain signal sir
he's in the southwest get me McNeil
shutter you set up a bitch son of a
medium for the xway
good old Solomon on secure channel 4
good to see you again Mac I wish it were
under better circumstances
satellite you all right it's more than
that it's cane sir we lost contact with
Phoenix at oh-eight-hundred Zulu I'm not
losing that bass man i'll give you a
squad of our best jump trip was to clear
the way for your arrival
good luck commander the game's afoot
let's kick some ass
Oh stand by
nowhere
infantry reporting infantry reporting
ok
I
Oh
boss mission accomplished
you